I grew up in the Highlands of Scotland.
It was a beautiful part of the world to grow up in,
but my father, when I was growing up, you know, him and his friends,
they worked very hard, but they also drank a lot.
There was a lot of violence and heavy drinking,
and of course this sometimes came into home life as well.
By the time I was 14, I'd started drinking,
and sometimes I fought with my father and my stepfather.
I affected myself a steam and my view of myself,
and I often went to school feeling low and crushed,
but at times the teachers started to read the Bible to us.
Those accounts touched me so deeply,
and it gave me real sense of hope for the future.
I didn't want to be fighting and getting into trouble.
I wanted to be a better person.
I had a purpose. I knew there was more to life than this,
and so I joined the army.
The army gave me the opportunity to get out of the environment
and to see the world.
Still, at the weekends, we often ended up
in drinking too much and being violent.
When I got into trouble, I always felt deep regret.
I always wanted to change, so I knew that I needed to escape
from that environment and start afresh,
so I decided to move to Edinburgh.
I was really doing a lot of fitness training at this time,
but really what I had done was I had replaced one addiction,
which was alcohol, with another addiction which was fitness.
So I was smiling on the outside,
but I burnt out that was in a black hole where I couldn't get out.
I knew that God was the only person that could help me,
and I prayed a lot during that time,
so that He would help me to find happiness and a purpose in life.
A colleague came to work alongside me who had been in the Marines.
We had gone to a nightclub and on the way home,
I said that I didn't like this type of environment.
And to my surprise, this colleague of mine started to talk to me about the Bible.
But after two or three hours of my questions,
he said, I will get my dad to speak to you.
His father was one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
He gave me some publications,
and he encouraged me to read them alongside the Bible,
looking up the verses in the Bible.
We started to study the Bible with his father.
We started to attend the meetings.
About one and a half years after we'd started,
both got baptized as one of Jehovah's Witnesses on the same day.
A few years after I got baptized,
I moved to Germany and during that time,
unfortunately I was disfellowship from the Christian congregation.
I went to work in the North Sea,
and I was so unhappy in this environment
that when I was not working, I was drinking a lot.
But if I was not careful,
I would end up doing myself some damage to my health.
So I decided to move to Italy.
Often when I was out riding my bike,
and every time I passed the kingdom hall,
I would ask the question,
how am I going to return to Jehovah?
I thought, well,
Jehovah will never want me to come back.
One Saturday morning, the doorbell went,
and sure enough, it was two of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I knew that Jehovah had sent these two witnesses,
and Jehovah was saying, I still love you, you know?
No matter what you have done, I still love you.
And so for the next few months,
I spent a lot of time thinking about that,
and accepting Jehovah's love.
I still had some distractions in my life.
I was training for a race across the Alps.
I was still working on the oil platforms in the North Sea.
I wasn't making spiritual progress.
One time, the elders in the kingdom hall told me
that there was no meeting during the week,
but they encouraged me to go to an assembly in Rome.
What really touched me the most was how clean Jehovah's people were,
compared to the people that had been associated in for so many years.
While I was driving home, I remember there was a storm.
I had all these thoughts racing through my mind.
How did I manage to leave the congregation?
How did I manage to leave Jehovah?
On that journey home, I knew that I would never go back to work
on the oil platforms in the North Sea.
I had a lot of free time on my hands,
so I read the Bible a lot,
and the publications from Jehovah's Witnesses.
And there was something in those publications that touched me
because it said, return to me, whole-sold.
Let's set matter straight between us now.
I spoke with the elders and told them of my intent
to attend all the meetings and to serve Jehovah whole-sold.
And after a period of time, I was reinstated in the congregation.
When I tried to do things my own way,
my life ended up out of balance, a mess.
I was so unhappy, but with Jehovah in my life,
it gave me more balance in my life.
It was about learning to accept Jehovah's love.
And when I did that, I started to make progress
because I was able to accept Jehovah's love,
but I was also able to accept the love
through the brothers and the congregation.
Jehovah's love is way greater than that.
And Jehovah's love is able to cover everything.
So I realized that Jehovah's wisdom is for me priceless
because Jehovah's the only one who can turn a negative situation
into something positive and give us a real sense of purpose
and hoppiness in our life.